{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13780\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Fortune Wheel (Gacha) - Tool for monetization and daily bonus\
\
Wheel of Fortune will make your game more interesting! Save your time and money using this powerful tool for the best retention! Players can turn the wheel and get a reward!\
\
*** Don't need the programming skills! *** \
\
Please see a DEMO at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://crazygiraffestudio.itch.io/wheel-of-fortune-gacha"}}{\fldrslt https://crazygiraffestudio.itch.io/wheel-of-fortune-gacha}}\
\

\b Features: \

\f1\b0 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  Easy reskin - just change the images by your own \

\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  Mobile ready \

\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  Easy setup of the cost, reward and probability for each sector from editor! \

\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  No coding required! \

\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  Very easy to use in 2 steps: drag'n'drop prefab to your scene and setup params from editor \

\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  If you want to edit code you can do it easily! Full well commented source code is included! \

\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0  Three useful modes: \
  - only FREE turns (for daily bonus) \
  - only PAID turns \
  - FREE turns and PAID turns if free turn is not available right now\
\

\b File structure:\

\b0 1) Animations - controllers and animations for Turn Button and Coins delta value\
2) Fonts - free Dimbo Regular font\
3) Images - sprites for elements. Just replace them by your own to reskin\
4) Scenes - here you will find the sample scene with demonstration\
5) Scripts - code of this asset\
6) Prefabs - prefab of wheel window\
7) Save last free turn time in PlayerPrefs\
\

\b Three modes:
\b0 \
1) only FREE turns (for daily bonus)\
2) only PAID turns\
3) FREE turns and PAID turns if free turn is not available right now\
\

\b How to use:\

\b0 1) Drag and drop prefab from Prefabs folder to your scene\
2) Tweak common settings\
3) Setup each sector params\
\
Please feel free to contact us about this asset (crazygiraffestudio@gmail.com)\
\
Version history: \
Ver.2.0.1\
Fixed compatibility between different version of Unity\
\
Ver.2.0 \
Move all settings from code to editor. Now no coding skills required. Now can set probability to each sector \
\
Ver.1.2 \
Save last free turn time in PlayerPrefs and fix bugs \
\
Ver.1.1 \
Add timer for free turns \
\
Ver.1.0 \
First stable release}